excuse me can you help me pee last
Norman yes two blocks this way one block
that way to the left and you're right
there okay thank you
thank you Nick I'm Max's guy in the
Customs House 24-hour guards this is a
very big payoff
we're very acceptable risks $30,000,000
9 video cameras all right
paint me a picture I got four pens I got
security completely wrapped around my
finger sorry sorry for alarm systems I
can handle the system in there if
someone else can break into this box
after this no more jobs it's the last
one I'm doing I'm quitting
I'll tell you told me that in 25 years
Oh to protect a safe that has never had
been cracked you gotta admit that this
kid did a pretty good show thank you
okay good I run this operation down to
the smallest detail if I think for one
second you're not living up to your end
of it or if you hold out on me in any
way I walk understood that doesn't work
for me I've done this down to the last
detail
don't put me on the sidelines when it's
time to collect don't do it the
dangerous game you're playing here are
we clear yeah we're clear I'll take some
respect from you for starters how about
that
Paramount Pictures and Mendeley pictures
present is this cousin cuz that's my
cousin
we've all got family here which is nice
in 25 years I've never worked with a gun
and I'm not gonna start now next time
don't bring them Robert DeNiro Edward
Norton Angela Bassett and Marlon Brando
and you gave me the bypass codes you
want to talk there you wanna see what I
got
got it it will take all of them to get
it out but only one will keep it do you
think I'm stupid you think I don't see
what you and Max are doing what did you
start thinking you're better than me you
trying to talk me into taking a sucker
share on a score that I set up from the
beginning this whole game is one big
long shot and if you don't have the
discipline to stay away from the
Gamble's then one day you will go down
it's inevitable you only Alyss the way
that can burn you we ought to work this
out right now or I will take you down